Users authenticate themselves with email address and password.

One user can manage several entities (band, venue, personal artist
page). An entity can be managed by several users.

On signing up the user is asked for a valid email address, a free-form
non-empty password (which has to be typed twice) and optionally 
real name (firstname, surname). Users are not required to provide
their real name, however they are encouraged to do so.

On the main screen of the user's home page there are following options:
	Create a band
	Create an artist page
	Create a venue page
	Schedule an event
	Edit entities that belong to user

The main page for visitors (not logged in) shows, sorted by
date and then by place, events that are scheduled this week.
(or so).

It is possible to sign up for a newsletter without being a 
user (that is have password and access tables and the like).
Fans just provide their eMail address and get informed on
events that occur on their watched objects (new event scheduled, 
newsletter sent out, ...). It is possible to receive the eMails
in digest form (that is only one per day / per week or so).
-> Have settings even for fans. Fans can become regular users
(how ...) maybe it is easier to not distinguish between users
and fans however we want to make it easy to sign up for a newsletter.
-> have links in all emails that allow fans to control their settings
(``click here for settings'', then they are directed to a website
where they can change their settings (digest mode, language and
the like)

On MP3/ogg upload: Scan the meta data and provide them as defaults
for the song metadata (Composer, genre, ...)

Entities have a well-known URL (for example www.jazzgigs.org/johannesthoma
or www.jazzgigs.org/tunnelwien) that is reserved for them. They can
change it at any time however it is not recommended to do so. 
Via third party vendors, the pages can even be hostnames
(like www.johannesthoma.com) by URL forwarding (not included
in service).

Priority: allow for uploading music and a profile photo, other
stuff like videos, foto galleries and so on come later.

On scheduling events, also ask for text to use in announcement
eMails and allow for basic formatting (later??)
